hello again ladies and gentlemen I'm Joe
handy the Android authority app guide in
this quick video we're going to take a
look at the best third-party launchers
for Android first up is action launcher
3 this was written from the ground up to
replace action launcher 2 but still has
many of the same features along with
many improvements it's highly popular
and it works really well
apex launcher was one of the first
really popular and functional launchers
on Android and remains one of the best
today
it comes with modern theming gesture
controls and there's also a free version
so you can try it
buzz launchers claim to fame as the
absurd number of themes that are
available they are called home packs and
there are over 500,000 of them or you
can create your own it's also totally
free everything meet launcher is a
contextual launcher that tries to guess
what applications you need when you need
them it takes a bit to get acclimated to
you but there are some nice features and
solid performance go launcher is a very
popular launcher thanks to its wide
variety of themes and solid performance
it comes with a bit of bloatware that
may take some time to get rid of but
otherwise it's popular and a fun option
Google now launcher is the official
launcher of Google devices and a really
popular option for Android enthusiasts
it includes Google now support a modern
layout and solid performance and it's
also totally free Windows 8 emulates the
Windows Phone experience for those who
like live tiles but don't like Windows
Phone it's a fairly convincing emulation
that is actually more customizable than
Windows Phone lightning launcher is a
unique option with a lot of
customization options but there's also a
bit of a learning curve you can create
one huge desktop like you have on your
PC and it's also light on the resources
MIUI has been a popular option for years
in the form of custom roms and now on
Chinese smartphones with my launcher you
can get the MIUI look and feel and it's
built on top of ADW launcher which is a
huge plus next launcher 3d shell is by
far the most expensive launcher on this
list but it's a lot of fun to use it
scores a unique 3d honeycomb interface
with a bunch of customization options
there's also a free version that you can
try Nova Launcher is intensely popular
and comes packed with features gesture
controls and many customization options
like themes and icon packs it is one of
the most beloved launchers in all of
Android and you should definitely try it
out smart launcher pro 2 has a unique
interface that uses what they call the
flower to organize your applications on
one home screen along with that it comes
with an app drawer to help you find apps
faster themes plugins and a
lotmore the themer was in beta for a
very long time but now it's officially
out it gives you the ability to redo
your entire home screen with a variety
of unique styles it also comes with icon
pack support gesture support and a whole
lot more last on our list for now anyway
is Yahoo a v8 launcher they've been
adding new features left and right plus
the interface itself is stylish simple
and great for those who don't need full
control it's totally free and worth a
shot that about does it for this video
folks the video itself likely won't be
updated but the written version
definitely will so be sure to check back
there every now and again to see what's
new also I'm always down for hearing
suggestions so if I missed a really good
one and chances are I did please let me
know about it in the comments if you
haven't already don't forget to follow
us on social media and subscribe to the
YouTube channel as always thanks for
watching everybody and have a wonderful
day